Okay, you guys. So, we're going to dive
into this tonight and we're going to be
looking at a lot of information. Uh, and
so, yes, the the theme is applied.
That's what we're looking at. That's
what we're doing on these Wednesday
nights. Tonight, we have to interrupt
though and make it uh both an applied
service and a update service because of
what's going on uh in the world around
us. So, I'm going to ask you uh tonight
if you would uh certainly take notes,
but you would scan the QR code. It's
going to be there's going to be tons of
information on the QR code. More than
what we'll get to, I trust, in the notes
tonight. So, you're going to want to get
that. A lot of it is headline news.
Excuse me. But, um it's just it's vital.
Absolutely vital. I've got so much
information that I'm going to ask you to
forgive me in advance as I stumble
through some things uh in a clumsy way
to get that piece of headline or that
data uh in regards to what we're looking
at. But getting it started uh it is
important that we remember this the very
theme verse. Don't ever forget this.
Memorize this verse. Write it down. Keep
it always for a lot of reasons. John
14:29 is what we will start every
Wednesday night out saying and that is
and now this is Jesus speaking and now I
have told you before before think of
that it comes that when it does come to
pass you may believe I love this I've
said it before I'm going to keep saying
it Bible prophecy as Jesus says right
here is an evangelistic tool
we have often shied away from Bible
Bible prophecy or we've been taught to
stay away from it. And I I think that's
the devil's mischief telling us this. If
we get into Bible prophecy, Jesus says,
number one, I told you in advance. So,
watch out for it. Oh, and by the way,
when it happens, you're going to be
reminded. You're going to believe.
You're going to understand that I am the
one. I'm he. I am the one true God who
has revealed to you the future in
advance. And
I am the only God who can do that.
>> And we we need to remember that because
this separates Bible prophecy separates
Christianity, Judeo-Christian, Old
Testament, New Testament apart from all
cults, all other religions. None of them
have this and you've got it in your hand
right now before you. And it's pretty
awesome. So, tonight we're going to be
looking at this message update prophecy.
Uh, look, and it is this Elam. Write
this down or take a shot of it if you
didn't get the notes. Elam, the setting
of the stage. Elam. You say, "What is
Elum?" Well, Elilum is in the Bible, and
you're going to know a lot about Elam
tonight. But um we're going to be going
into an area of Bible uh tour, so to
speak, that frankly uh you may have
never been to before. It's just not a
it's not a regular stop along the way.
But please in your note takingaking,
write that down. Ilam, that is a place.
You're going to know about it in a
moment. And we're putting it this way.
The setting of the stage. Where are we
tonight on what is tonight on this date
of today, February 25th, while we have
the largest military buildup uh since
the Gulf War and it's and it's expanded
rapidly by the hour in the Middle East.
And what is going to happen? Everybody's
asking the questions.
And
there's a reason why they're asking the
questions. There's reasons why we must
study the Bible on this one as we do all
but this is really remarkable what's
taking place or it could be uh but this
is important everybody you know how long
how many weeks have we been together and
the US has been in the Persian Gulf area
has it been close to a month
and you do know now right that in the
last eight days
Russia and China have not only brought
their navies in and submarines in, but
they have been shipping constant
cargo flights from Russia and China into
Iran.
And uh that delivery as best as we can
uh uh is something that concerns us very
much. In other words, with all the pause
that's been taking place with this
buildup and I know on the political
side, right, I guess we are supposed to
be going through negotiations in Geneva
with other nations in Iran and it go it
it goes good one moment, bad the other,
all this kind of talk. Um, but
interestingly enough, I think we said
this last week, I'm not sure, but it was
very recent. Russia and China has have
very much ordered Iran, don't do
anything.
Just wait it out.
Now, you got to be thinking for a
moment, why would they say that? Why
would they say that? Why would Russia
and China, who's arming Iran right now,
why would they say, "Don't do a thing.
Wait it out." Well, I guess that would
mean if you wait it out, it's going to
be good for us and good for you because
we'll stockpile you more and um
there'll be more American warships and
aircraft in the in the potential theater
of war where we can bring all these guys
in. They got to go through the straight
of Gibralar and they got to go through
the straight of Hermos Hermuz. and uh
let's get them all into the pinch point
and we'll destroy the entire US Navy.
I mean, what's going on? What are they
thinking? Why wait with all that's
there? We don't know, but we know what
the Bible has to say. And so, we're
going to get ready to do that. Write
these things down if you would. Remember
this. Revelation 1 19. Whenever you
study Bible prophecy, it's not it's not
a mystery. The Bible says in the book of
Revelation very clearly, "Write the
things which you have seen." This is
Jesus speaking, by the way, to John.
Write the things which you have seen and
the things which are and the things
which will take place after this. Do you
remember that? Do you guys remember what
we connected this to? Three buckets. Can
we see pictures of those buckets again?
There's things when you read the Bible,
we're going to do it tonight. We're
going to practice what we preach tonight
with what we're about to read. Does what
we're reading in the Bible have to deal
only with the past? In other words, it's
over. That's done or that's fulfilled.
For example, I'll give you one that's in
the past and it's done. It's fulfilled.
It's a Bible prophecy. It's over. It
will never happen again. Uh but you
remember it every Palm Sunday. Zechariah
9:9 tells us that the Messiah would come
into Jerusalem riding on the back of a
little donkey that's never been ridden
before. And that's how Israel was to
know that their Messiah has arrived.
Zechariah 9:9 written many hundreds of
years before Jesus was born. It was
fulfilled on Palm Sunday. And that is a
prophecy that we put in the past bucket.
It's done. You got me everybody? Next
bucket, the things that are.
Jesus says, "Write down the things that
are." What is going on in your lifetime?
Now remember this is this instruction is
given by Jesus to the seven letters to
the seven churches. That's important. So
that means it spans the entire age of
certainly the church age for the last
2,000 years. So he would say tonight,
hey church, what do you see happening
right now in your life? This is
critically important everybody to where
we're going. What if Jesus tonight said,
"What are you guys seeing on the news
tonight? what are you guys seeing on on
on the uh head the headlines and and
what's what's trending? Jesus would ask
that tonight and you'd be expected to
answer back. And so imagine here we are
and what are we talking about? A massive
looming war in the Middle East that many
of us have not seen in a very very long
time. Some of you not even in your
lifetime.
That's what's happening now. Jesus
eyes are on the Middle East.
And by the way, the the the key play
roller uh uh the key role play being
lived out is this nation called Iran and
their agenda is all about destroying
Israel. Imagine if you walked down the
streets right now. Are you able to speak
to the uh coimemen and ask him what are
you all about? It's simple. Why don't
you why don't you listen to us? We
broadcast it every Friday night in our
sermons. We will not stop until Israel's
destroyed and America's destroyed.
That's why in Tahan you walk up and down
the street SAYING DEATH TO AMERICA,
DEATH TO ISRAEL. RIGHT,
>> you guys? Are you tracking with me?
You're living this right now.
>> That's what we're seeing. And the target
is Israel and America. Now, the only
reason why America is the first target
is because America supports Israel and
protects Israel. The enemy knows that.
But, by the way, all the rhetoric that's
going on around with all these bozo
podcasters that have gone insane, those
people have gone nuts. I think I
actually think Satan has gotten inside
of their head. Why? Because they have
turned against Israel just like the
Iranians have or the Iranian leadership,
not the people. I saw, oh my goodness, I
saw a video the other day of, you know,
the rioting is still taking place on the
streets by the people uh who want these
religious leaders to be removed. How
brave do you have to be to do this in
Thran? They're waving Iranian flags and
Israeli flags
>> in Iran.
Iranians.
But the topic tonight, the topic is
death to America. Death to Israel.
Listen, if anybody says to you, death to
America and or death to Israel, yeah,
that's a bad spirit, folks.
>> Amen. And uh just because they're famous
podcasters or uh TV hosts doesn't make
one bit of difference. In fact, it makes
them more dangerous. So do keep that in
mind. And um also this really quick. 2
Timothy chapter 3:1 16. All scripture is
given by inspiration of God. This this
gets fun. Watch this. All scriptures
given by inspiration of God. Second
Peter 1 21. for prophecy, that is the
revelation of scripture, never came by
the will of man. But holy men of God
spoke as they were moved by the Holy
Spirit. So the entire Bible, this is
great. You ought to write this down if
you don't have the notes. The entire
Bible is remarkable because it's a self
authenticating message system. Again,
remember if somebody says, "Well, I
don't read the Bible because the Bible
just speaks about itself." The Bible
speaks about itself. It speaks about
science. It speaks about humanity. It
speaks about sin. It speaks about
righteousness. It speaks about
everything. And it presents it in such a
way that it begs you to come and attack
it to see if it's worthy of your faith.
>> The Bible's not afraid of anyone testing
it. In fact, the Bible goes like this.
Come on, take me on. Because if you do,
you'll probably fall down like many
other atheists before you. and become a
believer.
>> It's awesome. Absolutely awesome. And so
when we examine the scriptures, it
qualifies itself. And when matched
against history, guess what? History
confirms the Bible's origin. When we see
what the Bible has to say and then
history is fulfilled, then we know that
God has written it in advance. And how
so? Isaiah chapter 45 verse 21 declare
what is to be presented. God says let
them take counsel together. Who foretold
this long ago? Who declared it from the
distant past? Was it not I, the Lord?
And there is no God apart from me, a
righteous God and Savior. There is none
but me. I love when he's
>> kind of going off like that.
That's how God flexes, by the way.
Verse 22. Turn to me and be saved. Note
this. All you ends of the earth, for I
am God and there is no other. I want to
dial down on that for a moment for where
we're going tonight. All you ends of the
earth. Jewish friends, listen. Guess
what? That's that's you and everybody
else.
That's Jew and Gentile. Hey, listen.
That's Jew and Iranian, Persian.
It's important to what we're talking
about tonight. Isaiah 42:9. Behold, the
former things have come to pass, and new
things I declare. Before they spring
forth, I tell you of them. Wow. That's
your Bible. So, number one, as we look
at this right now together, here we go.
Mark it down. Elam, what is this? Elam
is in the news today, but never like
this. It's going to make sense to you in
a moment. Number one, Elon pre-existed
before the king of Cyrus or King Cyrus,
I should say. King Cyrus, very famous,
very powerful king of the Persians.
Remember this, before there was ever the
Persians, there was Ilam.
So, what is Ilam? When when we make
mention in our applied series tonight,
Elilam, the setting of the stage, we're
going somewhere with this. Mark it down
in your notes. Ilam.
Persia is today called modernday Iran.
It's all the same.
It's all the same. Now, we do not get
the name Iran in the Bible, but we do
have the name Persia and Ilam.
The the name Iran is a more of a modern
construct. It doesn't matter. It's the
same place as you'll see uh soon. But
the question is,
are we now watching
possibly
the beginning of a war that could bring
down
the
Iranian
religious
tyrannical rule that started on I think
February 11th, 1979.
Was anybody alive in 1979?
I remember that happening. I remember
that coming down on through the news. In
1979,
the Sha of Iran was overthrown by
religious radicals, the uh Kmenes, the
Ayatollas, and they promised, listen to
this, they promised a a uh very very uh
fair everybody would make the same
money. There'd be no more poverty. will
take care of you. there's this uh group
of about 10 of us that are super clerics
and we'll watch over the other clerics
and we're all going to make sure that
religious law is imposed and Islam will
see to it that you are all well taken
care of and everyone has a voice and so
everybody got out into the streets and
overthrew the sha and which was a a
friend to many western countries
including Israel and the United States
and uh he was deposed he was removed he
fled the country. Um, and in a short
order, a couple of months, those
religious leaders once they had their
power base installed, turned on the
people and enslaved them.
>> By the way, beware of anybody who
promises you a lot of stuff, they're
setting you up to enslave you.
>> Amen.
>> I mean, I'm not saying it's the Democrat
party, but
>> I thought I'd just
when somebody Look, look what's going on
in NEW YORK CITY. THAT GUY PROMISED
EVERYTHING
>> AND BOY IS HE IN TROUBLE TONIGHT.
>> WHAT'S HIS NAME?
>> MANDANI. Poor guy. He doesn't know. He's
>> He doesn't know what he's doing.
He made all these promises and so
everybody voted for him and got in line.
Hey,
where's my donut?
And he and he and he's he's looking
around. He can't find any donuts to give
to everybody. So, how I don't know how
long that's going to last, but watch out
for politicians who promise you stuff.
Amen.
>> Okay, but this is very, very important.
Here we go.
Jeremiah chapter 49. You can remain
seated. I'll read it to you. Listen up,
everybody. We're talking. We're stepping
back in time about 2,700
years from tonight, maybe 2,800 years.
Verse 34. Jeremiah 49:34. The word of
the Lord that came to Jeremiah the
prophet against Ilam.
Ilam Iran Persia. This is its origin.
Ilam is a man found in the book of
Genesis. He is uh he's well recorded
there. Just he has descendants.
Okay. So that man is long gone dead now
by the time Jeremiah comes along. So
what's going on here?
So this is the word of the Lord that's
uh to Jeremiah the prophet against Ilam.
So Jeremiah speak this against Ilam. Pay
close attention everybody.
In the beginning of the reign of
Zedekiah king of Judah saying thus says
the Lord of hosts the the Lord of
heaven's armies. Wow.
Behold, I will break the bow of Elam,
the foremost of their might against
Elam. I will bring the four winds from
the four quarters of heaven and scatter
them toward all those winds. There shall
be no nations,
pay close attention, where the outcasts
of Ilam will not go.
For I will cause Ilam to be dismayed
before their enemies and before those
who seek their lives. I will bring
disaster upon them. my fierce anger,
says the Lord. I will send the sword
after them until I have consumed them. I
will set my Oh, have
>> exactly. Wow.
>> I will set my throne in Ilam and will
destroy from there what the king and the
princes, says the Lord. But it shall
come to pass in the latter days,
I will bring back the captives of Ilam,
says the Lord. This is absolutely
amazing. Number one, many of you who
know your Bible, you're saying, "Well,
that sounds a lot like God's promises to
Israel." Yes, it does. But it's not
Israel he's talking about. This is
remarkable because you and I have always
been brought up thinking, and rightfully
so, Elilam's bad. Elam's bad. There's a
lot of bad stuff the Bible says about
Elam in the Bible. Elam, did you know
that Elam and his descendants, they were
one of the they were one of the five
armies that went out against uh Abraham
and fought him and Abraham defeated the
five kings. Remember that? Um Elilam,
not good.
Okay. And and yet God's got a plan. So
here's what we're going to be thinking
about tonight. That prophecy that you
just read, are you sitting down? Listen.
That prophecy we just read, there is no
historian and no biblical scholar that
will tell you that the prophecy of Alam
was fulfilled and it's done and
completed.
Nobody. So remember the bucket you saw
about the past? It doesn't go there,
>> but it does go in the bucket of the
present.
Because you and I as we sit here on the
map there is a nation called Iran which
the Bible calls it Ilam or Persia.
>> Are you with me?
>> Yes.
>> All right. Yeah. I would get goosebumps
right about now because it's like Bible
the Bible's amazing.
>> And according to what you just read,
there is a future bucket
>> that applies, right?
>> So, we're going to look at this. We're
going to dissect this together in
setting it up
in tonight's news and what we read a
moment ago. Jump on over to Ezekiel 38.
Now, just for the record, everybody, I
am not, I repeat, I am not
confident enough to say that Jeremiah 49
and Ezekiel 38 are the exact same
scenario. They could be, maybe they're
not.
But let's read this.
This is Ezekiel, a contemporary.
Now the word of the Lord came to me,
saying, "Son of man, set your face
against Gog."
That's a title of a person of the land
of Magog, the prince of Rash, Mach, and
Tubal. We know that those are all
regions north of Israel. And prophesy
against him. him being Goga. G O G.
Thus says the Lord God, behold, I am
against you, oh Gaga, the prince of
Rashack and Tubal. I will turn you
around, put hooks into your jaws, and
lead you out with all your army, horses
and horsemen, all splendidly clothed, a
great company with bucklers and shields,
all of them handling swords.
Persia.
Persia is who?
>> Iran or the orlam.
Ethiopia and Libya are with them. All of
them with shields and helmet. By the
way, those are all Muslim nations. Uh
helmet Goomemer and all its troops and
the house of Togamar, that's Turkey. Tur
uh Turkey or Tea to today. We say
Turkey, they say Turkey. From the far
north and all its troops, many people
are with you. Verse 7, prepare yourself.
That is Gog. He God is saying, "Hey,
Gogg, you better prepare yourself and be
ready, you and all your companies that
are gathered about you, and be a guard
for them." Can you mark the word guard
in your Bible? Uh, this is important. Uh
the reason being is that the word guard
in Hebrew is mishmar and it means this.
It means to bring about confinement,
custody of to keep a watch over. It can
be by the way positive or negative. To
be a supplier, provider also means to be
a prison. I love this next part. A place
of confinement, jail or grave.
Gog, you're going to assemble an army
that's going to come against Israel if
you keep reading that chapter in the
last days. And you're going to be a
guard to those nations. Uh you're going
to be a supplier to those nations.
You're going to give those nations.
You're going to provide for those
nations that are listed. We read them a
moment ago. Oh, and by the way, you're
also going to be their grave. You will
also be the grave for them. You're going
to be pulling them down. It's a dead end
for them. How how does that play into
this current scenario? We don't know. We
don't know what's going to how this is
going to go. But Russia is in the area.
China's in the area. That's interesting
because we don't see anything about
China in the Bible. But listen
everybody, we don't see anything about
America in the Bible either. Okay,
people want to think so, but it's not
for sure. But that said, this is pretty
remarkable. So, I want you to dive into
this. Look at verse 34.
Jeremiah 49:34. The word of the Lord
came to Jeremiah the prophet against
Ilam, Persia or Iran, in the beginning
of the reign of Zedekiah, king of Judah.
This is to set the prophecy in its
place. Notetakers marked this down.
There is what's called in Bible prophecy
study the near fulfillment and the far
fulfillment.
So
God is setting the stage. Zedekiah is
the king. So you ask the question, did
is did Judah ever have a king named
Zedekiah? The answer is absolutely yes.
And even secular history proves this.
Zedekiah is being called by God at this
time to follow God and to obey God.
Zedekiah later on in his life winds up
becoming uh disobedient to God. And the
prophet Jeremiah will say to him,
Zedekiah, you're going to be taken
captive
and you're going to be taken to Babylon
and you'll never see Babylon. Did you
hear what I just said?
>> You're going to be taken captive.
You're going to be captured by Babylon
and you're going to be taken to Babylon
and you're never going to see Babylon.
>> And people used to say that's a
contradiction in the Bible. until you
read the Bible more carefully to
discover that Zedekiah was captured by
the Babylonians and they brought the
lineage of his uh kingdom in front of
him. His his sons were paraded in front
of him. They tied Zedekiah to a pole and
they tied his head forehead back to that
pole and they brought his two sons in
front of him and they disembowled his
sons in front of him killing them and
then they gouged out his eyes.
And then they hooked they put fish hook
like latches in his lip and they they
pulled him to Babylon. He went to
Babylon, but he never saw Babylon.
Next time you think the Bible's
something funny, be careful. It's more
specific than you you can ever imagine.
>> Amen.
>> So that's the stage. And look at verse
35. Thus says the Lord of hosts,
"Behold, I l the Lord will break the bow
of Ilam,
Iran, Persia, the foremost of their
might."
The the the biggest mistakes I've made
in reading Bible prophecy is that I
don't I don't
take it specific enough. Watch this.
Don't be vague about Bible pro. There's
nothing vague about Bible prophecy. Thus
says the Lord of hosts, that is the Lord
of heaven's armies. Behold, I who I.
Nobody else. But watch this. God will
break the bow of Ilam. But how God does
that, that's where you and I better pay
attention because God doesn't reach down
out of a cloud and break the bow in.
How does God deal with nations?
>> Thank you. With other nations.
That's why God said Nebuchadnezzar is my
servant to punish Israel.
Yeah. God said Cyrus, he's my servant
because Israel, Judah's rebelled against
me. I'm going to bring this god ungodly
nation, this godless people. I'm going
to they're going to be my tool. They're
going to come in against you and they're
going to take you CAPTIVE ALL BECAUSE
YOU WOULDN'T OBEY ME. YOU DIDN'T WANT
ME, SO I GOT OUT OF THE WAY. And when I
get out of the way, bad stuff comes
and they're going to take you away
captive and they'll be my servant.
Wow.
>> So listen, is God going to break the bow
of Elam?
>> I'm asking you this question.
>> You're looking at the answer. God says,
"I'm going to break the bow of Guess
what? We can we study prophecy. We
cannot find where God breaks the bow of
Ilam in the context of chapter 49. These
verses that are before us, we can look
at battles that Ilam went through. We
can we know that Abraham, for example,
defeated Ilam. But check this out.
Never
in the context has it ever happened,
church. And might I remind you this is
the 25th of February. I've got to tell
you that it has never happened in human
history that God has reached down and
broke the bow of Ilam in the context of
these verses we're reading. Keep that in
mind. Next verse, verse 36. against
Ilam. I will bring the four winds from
uh the four corners of heaven and
scatter them the people of Ilam
toward all those winds. In other words,
to the By the way, I should say this. I
can just hear somebody saying it now.
Again, against Ilam, I will bring the
four uh winds from the four quarters of
heaven and scatter them. The someone
some of your Bibles say from the four
corners of the earth. The earth's not
flat.
If you think the word If you think the
earth's flat, you're in the wrong
church.
We've We've all been educated in here.
The only way for you to see the entire
globe at the exact same time is if you
if you take a razor blade and you cut
the skin off of your globe and lay it
out flat. You have to lay it out. You
cut it in such a way so that there's
four corners to that round globe. You
got all that? It's you see it on maps
all the time.
>> Okay. But when you want to uh put it in
its accurate uh shape, you would make a
ball out of it. Okay. So, when the Bible
says four corners, like the Marine Corps
says we can respond to anywhere in the
world within 24 hours from the four
corners of the earth, that's one of
their bragging points. Okay. God is
saying, "Here's what's going to go down.
When I break the bow of Ilam, they the
people of Ilam, Persia, they're going to
scatter to the four corners of the
earth. You got everybody got that?
>> Guess what? That's never happened
before.
Oh, wait. I'm sorry.
It happened after February 11th, 1979.
Never before in Persian history did
Persians flee the Persian nation
until Islam took power over Iran
and the people of Islam fled.
Are you hearing me?
>> It's never happened before until 1979.
You are living right now in a in a area
of Bible prophecy regarding alam
that you may not have thought walking
into the church tonight to think that
verse 37.
For I will cause Ilam to be dismayed. So
here's the here's here's how he's going
to break the bow.
By the way, what's a bow for
>> launching things?
>> A bow is for launching arrows.
What does what does uh what is the Kmeni
saying that he's going to do that if we
attack Iran for their nuclear weapons
program? They are going to incinerate
Israel.
>> So
think of that. That's what they said.
You you shoot at us, we are going to
vaporize Israel.
How would they do that? They would use a
bow,
>> a launcher. Are you tracking?
>> God says, "I'm going to break your bow.
>> I'm going to break the bow." Could it be
you guys? That's what they're
threatening. I'm not making this up.
That's what That's what the religious
apocalyptic
uh Shia Muslims in Iran, the leadership,
that's what they believe. Yeah,
>> they believe that they're actually
called by their God to create a
cataclysmic ball of fire on the earth
that will bring their Messiah,
the Mai, to rescue
and establish the world as a Muslim
caliphate, the entire globe. That is
their that's their Bible Bible. That's
their Quran esquetology. Guess what the
Bible says? The opposite.
So this is very important because
we as a nation we are operating so to
speak politically. We have a president
we have a congress. We have a military.
We have ships. We've have a navy. We've
got an air force. Listen the the kmenes
the the religious zealots in in Iran
they don't think like that. Do you
understand? They don't even think like
that. They think like this. We're called
by God to destroy all of them. You say,
"Jack, I I I don't believe that. You It
doesn't matter what you believe. They
believe it."
>> It's true.
>> Do you understand that, people?
>> It doesn't matter what you believe.
>> That's what they believe.
>> Right.
>> This gets pretty crazy when you're
talking to somebody and, well, I don't
think they're going to do anything weird
when they've already determined weird is
what I want to do.
>> Are you hearing me?
>> This is incredible.
And you got to keep asking yourself
context. Put these things together. And
here's what tonight is a big uh
announcement. These things together have
never happened before. And we're on the
brink of something very big. How is it
going to go? Only God knows.
>> But if I had to trust the Bible tonight
instead of the news, I'm going to go
with the Bible. Amen.
>> God says, "I'm going to cause Elm to be
dismayed before their enemies and uh
before those who seek their life. I will
bring disaster upon them."
So, judgment, my fierce anger, that's
another declaration of God's judgment,
says the Lord. I will send the sword
after them until I have consumed them.
>> This is what God says. Is that heavy?
>> Yeah.
>> Is that serious?
>> Yes.
>> That's big time. It's never happened
before. Are we on the brink of that
happening? Are we on the brink? Well,
scenario number one.
Could God be behind what's happening
right now in the Middle East to the
point? Remember, God uses all nations
and all nations are imperfect. Can we
all get Can you all deal with that right
now?
All nations are imperfect.
But when God judges another nation, he
uses the usually he uses that nation's
worst enemy.
You know that, right?
>> For example, when Israel would not obey
God, God would send the Philistines
against them.
or if Israel didn't obey God, God would
send them uh the invasion of
Egypt or Assyria.
I mean, on and on it goes.
Who or what nation
is Iran's number one target to remove
first? They they they burn that
country's flag in their streets on a
regular basis.
No, United States. America,
not Israel. That's the second choice.
Because they know they can't take out
Israel until they take out America.
They got to take out America, then they
can take out Israel.
That's what they think.
I think if we obey God and bless Israel,
I think that protects us.
I really do. I think Israel's is an
insurance policy.
>> Don't tell Tucker Carlson that. He'll
he'll wet his pants. He'll have a heart
attack.
Uh, did you see uh, Ambassador Huckabe
uh, give him a give Tucker Carlson a
little school boy lesson?
>> Yeah, you ought to you ought to watch
that. That should go in the Smithsonian.
>> And so he says, he says, I'm going to
send a sword after them until I've
consumed them. Verse 38,
I will set my throne in Ilam.
What?
and will destroy from there the king and
the princes, says the Lord.
>> Okay, so hang on a minute. I thought God
was I thought the Bible said God was
going to put his throne in Zion.
He is What's he saying here? You already
know the answer. You're just being timid
right now. You You know the answer. God
says, "How about how about if I read it
like this? I will set my authority
in.
Oh, I would say I will set my
government. I will set my rule,
my will.
God says, I will set my throne in Elam.
God's not going to have two thrones, one
in Zion and the other one in Ilam.
But God will be the Lord of the whole
earth. Exactly. The world. I will set my
throne in Ilam. I will destroy from
there their king, their Listen.
God says, I'm going to destroy their
their government, their rule, their
authority, their power. Church family.
Something had to happen to cause those
of Ilam to be driven away and out of
Ilam to the four corners of the earth.
And what happens after that is that God
will judge that nation starting with
their king by knocking their bow or
breaking their bow so that they cannot
launch.
And then God turns around and says that
I'm going to bring back all those who
have been dispersed to the four corners
of the earth. I'm going to bring them
back in that order.
We're talking ancient Elon. But the
clock, so to speak, started ticking on
February 11th, 1979.
And they went out to all the four
corners of the earth, escaping, running
from
the Shia
faction of Islam. There's the Sunni and
the Shia.
And I'll show you more about this as we
approach uh the end. But uh verse 39,
but it shall come to pass in the latter
days, this is where are you guys awake?
>> This
this just
the latter days, the last days, the end
of days, the last times
ever since May 14th, 1948, when Israel
became a nation a second time based upon
Isaiah chapter 66.
Okay. The ancient prophet Isaiah said
Israel would be born a second time in
one day.
And that happened on May 14th, 1948.
The United Nations recognized Israel as
a nation.
That started the last days
>> in many ways. Not exclusively, but in
many ways. But it shall come to pass in
the latter days, I will bring back the
captives of Elum. Where have they been?
Where have they been?
>> Exactly. I'm going to bring them back,
says the Lord. That's his promise. Okay.
So, this and we're going to end Oh, I
mean, we're going to end with this part
and then give you tons of information.
It's important that we realize that Elam
has a very specific place in the Bible.
All of a sudden, you saw these verses
and some of these things you've never
even considered before. God says, "I'm
going to actually redeem it.
A a a a land that has been a real
trouble to my people.
A land that has not obeyed me. A land
that has been very very foreign to me.
And yet, I have a plan for them. But
first, I got a clean house."
>> Yes.
Isaiah 11:1, it shall come to pass in
that day that the Lord shall set his
hand against the second time to recover
the remnant of his people who are left,
this is speaking about Israel, from
Assyria and Egypt, from Pathos and Kush,
from
Ilam and Shinar, which is another word
for Babylon, and from Hamath, which is
Syria
and the islands of the sea.
God made this promise to the nation of
Israel.
God has made a promise to the remnant of
Ilam.
My point is this. Tonight,
I'm going to show you some things and I
want you to be thinking about the fact
that what you've read here in Isaiah,
excuse me, Jeremiah has never been
fulfilled in Bible prophecy.
And all of a sudden,
we know this.
The government went into the hands of a
death cult
of Islam and has terrorized their people
since 1979.
That same group has vowed the
destruction of the United States and
Israel since 1979.
That nation
has its king and
its government that God says, "I'm going
to judge you with my mighty anger.
And how am I going to do it? I'm going
to break your bow. I'm going to break
your ability to wage war.
And when I do that, and after I've done
that,
I will bring back all those who are out
to the corners of the earth. I'm going
to bring them back.
Wow.
Why should we care about this stuff?
Well,
the great leader of Iran,
he
and probably for good reason said, and I
quote,
"The graveyard of American arrogance."
He says, "The Persian Gulf, I'm sorry,
the Persian Gulf will become the
graveyard of American arrogance." Is
America arrogant? I think we are. Is his
statement uh morally justified that do
we deserve to be sunk to the bottom of
the Persian Gulf? I think we we deserve
that as a nation. Not you. As a nation,
did you by the way, if you think that's
a little harsh, did you did you see last
night's State of the Union address? It
It's not It's not that you saw it or
not. It's that you saw highlights of it.
There was a woman there whose daughter,
if I remember right, was a Ukrainian
daughter. Her daughter was Ukrainian and
her daughter was brutally murdered. Was
uh where was that?
>> Charlotte.
>> In Charlotte. Thank you. I kept thinking
New York. In Charlotte. You did you guys
all see when that happened? She was
sitting there, beautiful girl, and that
guy came up behind her and just started
stabbing her in the throat. It was all
caught on the camera. We all watched it
on YouTube. And the mother was there
last night
>> and President Trump was looking at her
and he was applauding and everyone in
that glorious chamber stood up.
>> All the Democrats stayed seated
>> and Trump looked over to them and said,
"You you are sick.
>> Seriously, go watch it."
And then the US uh hockey team ca came
in. Everybody stood up
>> except those guys over there.
>> Um
I mean on and on it went. It was really
unbelievable. I mean un I mean seriously
insane. We're a messed up country.
Okay. So, we're not perfect,
but
Iran believes they have the moral high
ground over us.
Mor morally. They maybe they do. I don't
know. I've never been there. I don't
plan on going there.
But I know this. I know that they have
the wrong message.
I know that they have the wrong God.
And so we should care
because it's whatever is going to
happen, it's going to happen. And this
could be something that happens very
soon.
So you guys, in this last several days,
Russia and China have brought in
incredible armaments, especially China.
I don't like the way this makes me feel,
but we have our great military or a
great navy in both of these limited
bodies of water with two straits on
either side, the Gibralar
and Hermuz.
And now we now we find out that China
has brought in something that the United
States has no defense against. And it is
a hypersonic
uh missile that can be launched uh from
uh with just a three guys can launch
this thing and it is so fast that we
can't stop it and it destro it can
completely destroy an aircraft carrier.
That makes me nervous
if God's not with us. This makes me
really nervous.
If,
in other words, I'm praying that
Jeremiah 49 is about to happen. If it's
not Jeremiah 49,
we might be in a hot mess
because China and Iran, China and Russia
have joined the staging of
the battle as we sit here. You're
talking about the United States
versus Iran, Russia, and China.
Listen, that's four of the top largest
militaries in the world.
Three against one.
Unless God
is using, and we better be humble.
We better be careful. If is God using
this situation to fulfill Jeremiah 49?
You may very well know this in the next
few days or weeks.
Many of you are asking, are we going to
go to Israel? We were we're in contact
with Israel constantly. Everything is
on. Israel says, "Oh, don't worry about
it. We we we know more we know more
about stuff before it happens. Don't
worry about it. But uh if it's not safe,
we we are shutting down. And so if they
shut down, we don't go. But many of us
are going in, uh what three or four
weeks, something like this, Lord
willing. Right? That said, um I want to
run through this very fast just to give
you an idea. Um I'm going to run through
these countries if you guys would put
this up. Let's start with Lebanon.
Everybody, Islam is divided into two
camps, Sunni and Shia.
Okay. So, let's start with this.
No. Yes. No, not it. Uh, the list of
nations way at the back, you guys. Back
of the notes.
And then then then we can come back to
this.
Lebanon 27 to 30% Sunni. Shia. Shia is
the one you want to watch out for. Shia,
they're they're both they both cannot
allow you to live, but one will kill you
sooner.
Shia is very violent.
In fact, Shia will kill Sunni.
>> Remember that.
So, just look at this
and see how a little just it just takes
a little bit of uh of the other side.
Look at uh my goodness, look at Jordan.
92 to 95% Sunni. A lot of Sunnis just
want to be left alone.
uh they just want to live life. They
probably want to become Christians.
Shia, they're they they're they're
running around with a knife in their
mouth looking for it's just crazy.
And they'll kill again. Shia will kill
Sunni. Uh Saudi Arabia, Shia 10 to 15%.
Turkey 1 to 2%.
Syria 1 to 2%. You know how many
problems there are in Syria regarding
Islam? It's the one to 2% that's causing
it. Next slide. Egypt just barely more
than 1%.
Qatar
10 to 15%.
That's
not good.
United Arab Emirates 10 to 15%. Also,
Yemen 35 to 45%. Doesn't that explain a
lot of the news? Yemen. The violence
there and all of that is absolutely
incredible. Let's run through some
headlines and have you go home with your
head on fire. Okay. So, Trump demands
that Iran promise never to build a
nuclear weapon in State of the Union
address. Okay, everybody listen up.
Trust me. Trump told them, "I want you
to promise never to build a nuclear
weapon." He said it. Do you think Trump
thinks that they'll say, "No, we
promise."
He has to say this.
He has to say this. Next slide. We're
going to just go through this. Iran
slams Trump's State of the Union lies,
the Ayatollah says, but heads back to
the negotiation table with US. Why?
Because Russia and China told them,
"Stall, drag it out."
The Iranians have been told, "Talk this
thing. Talk it. Talk talk. Don't Don't
just run the Americans time clock out.
What if there what if this No, I can't.
But it can't it it can't go that long.
Imagine if they've drug drugg this out
long enough to where there was either an
assassination on a US president or
Congress members or some some sort of
thing that disrupted the equilibrium of
our power base. What's going on? Why
would That's question I don't I can't
answer. Why is Russia and China saying
just play the game, don't do anything.
Next slide.
Um Iran ready for any step to achieve US
deal. Oil slides ahead of Trump. Um that
is before the State of the Union. Uh we
can just we can go keep going slidewise.
US raised the stakes. Okay, this is
amazing. Yeah, I mean we already know
this the massive buildup of F-22s
um that are now based in Israel but not
only in Israel. Uh it's it's never
before seen. Uh by the way that uh we
have we have some of the numbers but the
numbers changed two hours ago uh where
eight new F-22s came into the area which
brings the number to a really high
number. It's incredible. Uh next slide.
Gerald Ford expected to dock in Hifa. It
is now in Hifa. Uh it's getting uh
refueled and taking on its squadron.
uh the squadron was advanced. It was
flown over there. There was a there was
a from Europe and from central US to um
some of the Middle Eastern countries
there was a you know we have the uh
flying you know we have gas stations all
along the way you know that KC 46s and
KC135s
uh and so now in Hifa the Ford will
receive
um something like 78 aircraft. It's
massive. Uh, next, this this probably
bores 99% of the people in here tonight.
US buildup of warships and fighter jets
uh tracked near Iran. Um, that picture,
by the way, is taken in Mission Base,
San Diego. But, um,
anyway, next next slide. This is
interesting.
Uh, this this is big stuff, people. Uh,
you can look at it for yourself. Um,
this is so old already. This is not this
is a week like less than a week ago. And
so for example, it says 11 times F-22A
Raptor six on the way. We are way beyond
that. 30 uh F-35s. We're way beyond that
now. Six Growlers. Six Growlers. Uh I
think you only need six Growlers to make
things really bad for everybody else. Uh
they don't shoot anything. They just
really mess with your head.
Uh the Growler is an electronic uh it's
it's an electronic platform flying. It's
an aircraft that causes people to see
things that are not there. If you're
flying if if you're a Russian fighter
jet and you're flying along, you swear
that there's nobody in front of you and
there could be five
F22s. You'll never see them. Um
by the way, that's Israeli technology.
Anyway, I'm not going to bore you with
all that stuff, but you see the bottom
right hand uh corner uh print sultan. Do
you see those Awax? It's called Awax.
Those things um it's just the only the
only way that you could stop all this
from doing its job is if you set up an
EMP bomb. That is detonate detonate from
space a nuclear weapon. That's what an
EMP bomb is. Instead of it getting real
close to the Earth, which does like the
Hiroshima Nagasaki thing, it's detonated
in high altitude and it causes all
electronics to fail.
The United States is extremely
vulnerable to EMP.
Um,
if that were to happen, that is the
unthinkable.
Next slide.
Um, we already know this. It's okay.
He's the Israeli
military says it's okay. public fine.
Uh, Israelis bracing for impact. Home
front command readies for Iranian
fallout. Okay, let's keep going. Israeli
officials of US Iran. Uh, yes. Okay.
Yeah, we've all known this. This is part
of the psychological difficulty. We've
been told that the battle is imminent.
We've we've been hearing that for three
weeks. So, you're like a sprinter at the
Olympics and the guy never shoots the
gun.
I mean, how long can you stay there?
That's not That's not a good thing. Keep
going. Again, remember when you see
Iran, think of Ilam. Netanyahu speaks of
new excess of encircled Sunni Shia
threats. Yeah, true. Um, okay. This is
scary.
When Israel says we will use
unimaginable force if Ilam attacks
Netanyahu warns at Knesset. Israel
doesn't normally talk like that.
Everybody else, including us, we shoot
our mouths off. We're going to blow you
up like you've never been blown up
before.
When Israel says we're going to we're
going to show you a thing or two, you
don't want Israel to ever tell you that
because guess what? They don't threaten.
>> They never threaten.
>> So I don't know what they have. But that
is quite a statement. Next.
Um so if war uh with Ilam comes,
internal conflicts will be put into deep
freeze. That just means that the Israeli
government, which is greatly divided
like ours, have have agreed to unify
um for the preservation of Israel. Next,
um,
this is great. Mod Modi, how do you say
M Modi?
>> So, prime minister of India, you you
never know where he's going to go from
any given day, but this is a good
statement.
Um, next,
um, yeah, see, this is the concern.
Elam's rising confidence backed by China
and Russia triggers Pentagon warnings
over risk of a broader war. see that
next.
Um, yes. So, uh, all Americans are out
now of Lebanon because,
uh, Hezbollah, they anticipate Hezbollah
acting up.
Okay, let's I think we have to go. We
have to go. Um, Turkey, that's Turkey.
Turkey.
Uh, house of Togamar in the book of
Ezekiel. Sunni ring. Any uh, so remember
Sunni Shia. So keep going.
Uh NATO surveillance Iran, Turkey and
Kura. That's okay. That's um
okay. Yes. Keep going.
We have to We have too much. Um
Oh yes. So, this has been a big uh con
confirmation this week is the chemical
biological warheads
uh that Iran Elam supposedly is having
or producing. Next,
yeah, this is this is some psychological
warfare at at the very least. Trump is
considering assassinating the son of
Iran's supreme leader. That may never
happen. But if you're the supreme leader
and you hear a guy who's very
unpredictable, Trump say that in that
world, do you understand everybody? In
that world, you have to have a son
to carry on this thing that God has told
you to do.
I think Trump's playing with his head.
Um, we are so out of time. I I um
I let's end with this which is a which
is actually a good thing to end with
because it's it's necessary
um
last Sunday in one of the messages I
don't know which one I I could find out
but in one of the messages last Sunday I
I made mention about the fact that
um it's been rumored about
that if if we go after Iran to and you
know you guys all know the reason why
right
in fact this week remarkably Europe has
all of a sudden fallen in love with us
because this week
Iran has made it known that they have
now a nuclear warhead that can hit
London.
And so as soon as that was said,
everybody
ran on over and started waving American
flags.
They also said, "You can park your B-52s
here and your B2 bombers." And we did.
We did. They're there. Now that said,
um
I made mention of the of what's been
rumored about that it may be one of the
or it may be the trigger point that if
the US and Iran get into it that it will
set off cells that are here in the
United States.
>> Um I know if you if you follow Monkey
Works by any chance the former Do you?
Yeah, I do too. The CIA uh he's retired
now, but um he's the guy that got in big
trouble because he knows too much. He's
the guy that he was the guy who found
Nordstream. You know, the Nordstream
explosion.
>> He found it and published it and he
wound up was he wound up uh being
questioned. How'd you know about this?
Um he's he said which I'm it's great but
did not unnecessary but he said hey Jack
Hib said this about Iran and that's a
very serious uh concern because that
could be very very real
and then yesterday or to this morning or
yesterday the New York Times
uh confirmed all that
and uh we're quite shocked and so I
don't know if we had that slide or not
but um that the this this tangle
entanglement if it doesn't go well
that it it could bode very very bad for
the homeland here where we're at because
of the cells that have come in with the
open border policies that are that are h
housed and set up in in a lot of them in
California, Texas, everywhere.
So, I want to I I just want to I know
this is just not this is not church like
normal, right? I get that.
Why Why did we Now, I'm not saying to be
don't shout and yell and holler.
What concerns me about all of this and
where we as believers need to intercede
for our nation,
and let's be honest, if you and I die,
we go home to glory. But there's a lot
of people in our nation that
if a whole lot of people die, a lot of
them wind up in hell. And we should be
very, very, very sad about that.
>> And so
if God is using this Trump
administration for such a time as this
to fulfill Jeremiah 49,
then we're going to watch it happen. I
don't know what kind of fallout we'll
see, if any. I don't know if that's not
what's going on.
If if this is the demise of the United
States of America, because we will not
be able to get out of the Mediterranean
or
the Persian Gulf,
if it sets a fire off in every town or
city in the United States by these
terrorist cells, let me ask you, why
would you, as a government, leave your
borders unchecked and wide open for four
years? Why? Why would you intentionally
do that when you even know that an a
Iranian
IRG colonel,
current active colonel in the Iranian
Republican Guard was arrested
crossing into California
from Mexico, was spotted and somehow not
recognized and arrested and found out to
be an active colonel in the Iranian army
and you still leave your borders open.
>> I'm just don't don't answer. I'm just
asking why why did we do this? This part
makes me shudder people and this is why
I want you to make sure your walk is
right with Jesus. What if God
had Biden in office
so that the borders would be left open
to set this nation up
to be dealt with because of all of our
sins and all of our what if you see
Jeff? Well, you've taken us from one
pendulum to the other. I know.
I know it.
You should be glad that I'm not up here
telling you how it's going to happen
because nobody knows how it's going to
happen,
but we have never been in a situation
like this.
When they when your enemy believes that
their God told them to create the most
massive fireball possible so that their
Messiah can return, that is Islamic
theology.
and you say, "I don't believe it."
You don't have to believe it. They do.
>> Please pray that we as a country and as
Christians in America would repent.
>> Ask God for mercy. What am I talking
about? Let's do it.
>> Let's stand up.
>> I know it's an unusual night, but
today's an unusual day.
Heavenly Father, we come before you and
Lord,
if we only had the heart and the and the
vocabulary of a Daniel, we would be able
to accurately and passionately confess
the sins of our nation
like he did.
Lord, we ask you that have mercy on the
United States of America. Lord, we
confess we are an arrogant nation and we
are proud and and we are we are so often
godless because we so often uh
do not seek you. We become
so well uh complacent because of our
wealth and affluence
that the blessings we've turned into
curses.
We've become so narcissistic that all we
can think about is ourself and our time
and and and what's in it for me
instead of our neighbor.
We ask you to forgive us, Lord.
Please have mercy.
And Lord, I'm terrified tonight because
our government leaders are boasting in
the most powerful military on the face
of the earth. And you told us to never
do that.
You told us to never trust in chariots
and never trust in horses.
Lord, only you know how it's going to
go.
But this we know. It is your will that
all hear the gospel that Jesus Christ
died on the cross for the sins of each
and every one of us and all of mankind.
He paid the debt
for our sins personally. But
salvation only belongs to those who will
come to you, repenting of their sin,
changing their heart and mind toward you
and accepting you as crucified
Savior and resurrected Lord
and to determine tonight to walk with
you.
Salvation is of the Lord.
Father, we pray that you'd give our
leaders wisdom,
that they'd be led by your Holy Spirit.
Lord, if you can speak through Balam's
donkey, you can speak and lead anyone
anywhere.
Lord, I one of those aircraft carriers,
one of the most lethal things on the
planet. And yet I remember, Lord, little
over two years ago, that very aircraft
carrier hosted a Drag Queen parade on
the flight deck. And if I were you, I
would have sunk the ship right then and
there. But thank God, you're not me.
>> It's that kind of stuff we need to
repent of that makes you sick and angry.
So Lord, I don't know how this is going
to go. We don't know what tomorrow will
bring, but we know you who holds
tomorrow. May every single one of us
confirm that we have a real walk with
you.
And we give it all to you now in Jesus
name. And all God's people said,
>> "Amen.